add FAQ regarding X-Forwarded-Port when using OpenID (#291)
kiali/kiali.io: content/documentation/staging/faq/authentication/x-forwarded-port.adoc

---

> title: How to forward OpenID login to Kiali behind a Virtual Service

Reviewer: I think we want a more generic focus, as this is not specific to VirtualServices. Something like:

```suggestion
title: How to configure the originating port when Kiali is served behind a proxy (OpenID support)
```

but rephrase as you see better.

weight: 2
---
:icons: font

> When deploying Kiali behind an Istio VirtualService, the OpenID login button redirects to `<schema>://<web_fqdn>:20001`. If your ingress is listening on a different port, you can indicate this port via the `X-Forwarded-Port` HTTP header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using OpenID strategy for authentication and deploying Kiali behind a reverse proxy or a load balancer, Kiali needs to know the originating port of client requests. You may need to setup your proxy to inject a `X-Forwarded-Port` HTTP header when forwarding the request to Kiali.
```

> For example, the VirtualService should have something like this to indicate the user should be forwarded to port 443 instead of 20001:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when using an Istio Gateway and VirtualService to expose Kiali, you could use the [headers property](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service/#Headers) of the route:
```
